to us can you lie the agent experience
over youth and vigor scary ha hey what's
going on is a jamie xle he shown you a
brand new glitch on the quality black
ops 2 the founder boy in Scripture guys
oughta turn a terrific glitch anyway and
we're going to do is basically starts
around you want to pack with your pistol
so when you start around do not get rid
of your pistol ads or go to that poetry
machine and pack point your pistol so do
not swap that be a pistol for any single
weapon or any weapon in this game now
when you pack a punch if you don't know
how to keep the package machine open
forever please look in the description
below and you will find a link there
that will show you guys how to keep the
pack punch machine open forever or in
the video now when you do that guys you
want to go to a teleport i'm going to
show you guys what teleports go to you
want to follow where I go and you wanna
go to teleport teleport you wanna get
one of these creatures on top of your
red and go next to a green light and
your teleport now when you teleport and
do you teleport somewhere else you want
to go to form when you go to form and
unlock the fence and you want to
basically bothered all that I do and
when you're going from you want to store
your pistols in the fridge when you
stole your pistols in the fridge all you
want to do is end the game and i'm going
to show you what i mean by this when you
please stop here and kill one more
person so i connect from the door and
when i open though you see you'll see
your fridge a wire fridge in front of
you you want to store your pistols in
the white fridge when you store your
pistols in the white free to an end the
game starts at the game straight away so
don't take your pistols out leave your
pistols in the fridge because you're
gonna get your pistols in the next game
you start now if you can see guys I just
ended the game and I saw the game
straight away and the great i'm going to
show you guys is how to get your riot
shield or your zombie shield invincible
and get to max around because they
cannot kill you at all you're basically
invincible same one corners kidding i've
known you
well and you can get to the highest
round you want to get see basically this
is work online and even offline now we
just stopped the game up again and when
I start the game up so well when you do
that I when you start up the game you
want to make sure you do not pick any
weapon up at all because if you pick any
weapon up this glitch will not work so
that don't pick any weapon up just keep
pistols until you do the glitch from
thats it guys because you're gonna do
the invincible zombies your glitch and
if you pick up anywhere in this war
networkers point it's doing that great
will not work so guys I XD i have just
got the zombie shoot and I've just made
some shield now you want to go to
busting free form when you go to boston
um free and form this is where the
glitch will work and so you want to lock
the fence I'm not knock the door and go
back to the fridge again but I'm why
either when you did the Invincibles
Amish your glitch make sure they look
creatures in a dark don't you must offer
you because you will die I mean not die
does embouchure will disappear and you
cannot get it back again see you guys
and we're going to do is buy this door
here and when you buy this door and here
you want to plan your zombie shoot down
any single where and goes back to the
fridge like i'm going to show you guys
now so now i'm gonna plant my zombie
shield down anywhere around there turn
around go to the free to pick up your
weapons again your package weapons plant
them back down in the fridge go back to
zombies shield people obviously hood up
and you are now invincible just as long
as you can never get destroy you can get
horny zombies around you will never get
destroyed we want to do is just keep
working on and you're invincible guys
you can so you can get to limped around
so guys enjoy having a steak plate it's
got some channel for more amazing corey
brock sea creatures we play squishes
every single day guys so are so you guys
I started this out
hey guys what you see on the screen
right now is two of my location videos
click on previous video for our previous
glitch I've just posted and click on
next video for the next click I've just
posted hey guys please subscribe because
music post-olympic switches on quality
black ops 2 and i'll see you guys next
time peace out
you